Today's date is July 1, 1981. This is a test. This is
Terry Anderson.
There we go. This is an interview with Major
General William Becker. Today is 1st July, 1981.
This is Terry Anderson. Let's start with your
parents. Could you tell me about your parents,
your mother and father? Yes. My father, whose name
was George Becker,
was born here on this land where we live now. In the
old house over here? No, he moved to the old home
here when he was two. It was built when he was two
years old. His grandfather had come here from
Germany, and the family history is that William
Ernest Becker had fled Germany. He was a political
refugee of some sort. When? Back in 1834. I believe
it was 1834.
He had a rather responsible position. And it was
obviously a political position. He was in charge
of the,
what was his name, William, the emperor's?
Wilhelm. Wilhelm. Frederick Wilhelms. Game
preserves throughout Germany. And I say that had
to be a political appointment, because he majored
in music at the University of Berlin. No kidding.
But anyway, he came over here and brought his
family. We still have at home there some of the
items of furniture they brought, which wasn't
much. I still have the old gun. By the way, I meant to
show you that that he brought over from Germany,
because you mentioned you're interested in guns.
And he stopped first in Pennsylvania and moved on
west after a few years to Illinois and looked for
greener pastures down here and came here in 1848.
Bought some land here and then expanded upon it.
And then, of course, his children stayed in the
area and married in the area. I say that I'm kin to
any family that's within horseback riding
distance from here, I'm kin to if they've been here
over 60 years, because that was about the courting
distance, you know, in those days.
My grandfather
became sort of the one that stayed in the center of
the land, so to speak, and then my father
succeeding him. And my father tried to retain or
reacquire as much of the family land as he could. He
did a pretty good job of it, I think, considering
the years of the Depression and all that sort of
thing. My grandfather, of course, married a
neighbor girl. My father married my mother, who
was the daughter of the Methodist minister in
Kauffman. who had earlier been ministering Kemp.
And after their ministry in Kauffman, Mother had
completed college and had returned to Kauffman as
a schoolteacher. Oh, really? Where'd she go to
college? She went to Kidd Key College, which no
longer exists. It was over at Greenville. Kidd
Key? How do you go there? K-I-d-d-d-k-e-y. Oh,
I've never even heard of that. But it's been off the
map for some time. And of course, that's where Dad
met her. Was he over there going to college, too?
No. He met her in Coppin when she came to teach
school. And
they married, and he brought her to the country. So
she had an education degree then. Yes, she had a
teacher's certificate. Actually, I believe in
those days the only requirement, I think Kidd Key,
as a matter of fact, I'm not certain of this, was a
two-year school. And I think that was the
requirement in those days to be certificated,
certified. And she taught just a few years before
Dad brought her out here. And they had six
children, five boys and a girl, the girl being next
to the youngest. George, the old George Jr., the
oldest, has been here all through the years. My dad
died by accident in 1948.
And mother died in 1975. George has been here
through the years. He's been in the cattle
business and real estate business. And he's had a
very interesting life.
been in a very interesting aspect of real estate.
He has been the land man, so to speak, for the
acquisition of land for a number of the lakes that
have been built by the Sabine River Authority.
Like, for example, this, what do they call it, the
new lake over near Quitman that Dallas is about to
acquire. Oh, yeah. And what he's done is go in and
make an estimate of what it's going to cost to
acquire the land. In that case, I think it was
40,000 acres. And then he sets about acquiring it.
And it's a very complex and interesting
operation, but we won't get too far off on that. But
anyway, Georgia stayed here. Walter, the next
brother, became a general surgeon, spent most of
his professional life at New Orleans. He was a
graduate of TCU and then Vanderbilt. Vanderbilt
Medical School. George, by the way, graduated
from Texas A&M in 37.
And Brother Walter died in February this year.
Then I was the next one. Of course, I went to A&M. And
then Brother Young and I had a Navy career. He
retired, I guess, three years ago as a rear admiral
in the Navy. And he died last fall. The sister, the
only sister, interestingly enough, married our
Methodist minister.
And I might add that all these boys gave him some
trouble during those serious courtship months.
We thought we didn't want a preacher for a
brother-in-law, I guess. And that our
grandfather had been close to the fire, you know.
What about the youngest? In those years, the
Methodist minister was a student at SMU for years
to keep our little church going in Kent and here. So
he was a graduating student when they met, but he's
a very fine man. What about the youngest? The
youngest is an architect, lives in Dallas. He
graduated from Yale and did his initial
professional practice in New Haven and came to
Dallas later. So that's the family to me. And would
you like our lineup within the family? Well, I'd
like to know about your father's education. Your
great-grandfather was one of the few people in
Germany that went to university. Very few people
in the 1800s went to university. And then you did,
of course, too, in America. your father and your
grandfather also go to a university? No, no. My
grandfather did not, nor did my father. Of course,
my grandfather stayed on the land here, and so did
Dad. Dad was, uh, left school in the, he finished
the tenth grade, and he lost his father, and, uh,
when he was young, and he had the responsibility
for his mother, and his baby sister. So he didn't
even finish high school. But I consider him a very
well-educated man. Well, what kind of man was your
father? Can you tell me? Can you describe him?
Well, in appearance, he was tall and very active.
And matter of fact, he was 69 years old when he was
accidentally killed. And he could still work me
down when I'd come home and help him do whatever. I
think he was very well read. He was a leader in the
community and the area. As a matter of fact,
I think that during the Depression, he was the
director of the Federal Land Bank of this
district, and he was, I think, a charter director
of the production credit associations when they
were created, the local one or the area one. I think
it was headquartered in McKinney. But I mention
this because the Depression took a heavy toll of
land in terms of foreclosures. I think he really At
least I met some members of the Federal Land Bank
staff that told me he'd been very instrumental in
the policy making that saved a lot of those people,
but also saved the loans. Well, he should have been
capable in that regard, having been pretty
substantial landowner and operator himself. So
you say that he was a leader, and was he like a mayor,
or can you define that? Well, of course, he always
lived in the country, and he was involved very
heavily in community affairs. We never had a
formal community organization other than school
board, of course, and he was seen to be forever on
the school board. But he was very... active, as I
mentioned, in the farm organizations of all kinds
and in this financing field. Was he active in the
church? He was active in the church, and Mother, of
course, was very active in the church. But he spent
a lot of time around this county and this area just
doing things for the public good, and so people
respected him for it. He never ran for elective
office, I guess, other than... school board.
Mother, of course, was a homemaker and a great
mother and a great supporter of Dad and that
partnership. Would you consider that religion
then was important in your upbringing? I think it
was very important. I've never been a very
demonstrative person in terms of religion, but of
course, Mother being the daughter of a Methodist
minister, we had certainly the benefit of good
training. And when I've needed it, it's been very
important to me. And, you know, you do need it from
time to time. When you feel you need it, you need to
call on the strengths that religion gives. Now, in
your home when you were growing up, who was the
authority? Well, there's no question. Dad was the
supreme authority, but it was sort of... Supreme
commander. Yeah. But Mother tried to handle
all... old thing because she was always there but
if she couldn't she'd she'd refer it to the higher
authority and so we had pretty good discipline in
this family of ours. He was a disciplinarian would
you say? I would say so very strict one. He was
strict? Yeah.
How'd you get along with your brothers and your one
sister? Oh we got along fine I think we had uh we had
the usual squabbles with the next older and the
next younger. I was between boys. The sister got
along famously, but it was a little bit difficult
for her to grow up with five boys. I would imagine.
But she was none the worse for it. We, I think, grew
to have a great deal of respect for each other, too.
You know, that's important. I want to check this.
Okay, now you've become a leader and a success
making general officer in the United States Army.
In which ways do you think that your parents are
responsible for that? Well, I think, of course,
first of all, I knew what disciplined behavior was
because I learned it from them firsthand. And I
think... They also
taught us the importance of the objective in life,
or next week, or whatever. And of course, as a
matter of fact, the objective is one of the most
important principles of war, having a goal,
having an objective. It's kind of hard to
accomplish anything significant without it. And
that, I think, was a very important thing.
Leadership, I think, knowledge is a very, very
important ingredient or element of leadership.
They insisted it would be good students and good
learners. And of course, when you have that
situation, you learn something about what your
capacities are. I think a person who's never
tested doesn't know what his capacities are. Were
you tested at home then a lot? No, I mean, I use that
term tested in terms of practical testing,
testing by the situation. Well, that's what I
know. Yeah. So they insisted that we apply
ourselves and we devote good effort to whatever we
were doing. And as my old daddy used to say,
anything worth doing is worth doing right. So they
gave us a good foundation, a very good basis. I
never felt that
destiny was calling me. I just always tried to do a
good job and try to set some goals and apply myself.
Tell me about your education. Well, of course, I
went to this country school here through the
eighth grade, and then I to Kauffman High School,
graduated there in our Texas centennial year in
1936. I
had two brothers in college at the time, George and
A&M and Pete and Walter in TCU. And so I had to wait a
year before the family finances could support me.
OK, but before we get to that, tell me what your
favorite subjects were while you were in grade and
high school. Well, I don't recall that I had any
favorites in grade school.
And we were sort of taught to treat them all alike,
you know, excel in all of them. It's interesting,
reading, writing, and arithmetic, we heard a lot
of in terms, those terms, when I was going to grade
school.
And I don't know that... arithmetic never was, or
math was never my favorite. I never felt extended
in
reading and writing, but I did like composition.
We had the interscholastic league meets from the
time I entered school through the high school year
that you may be familiar with the old pattern, it
isn't there anymore. But this little country
school became famous for winning the rural
classification championships in those
inter-classics and the league meets nearly every
year. Well, I always won the spelling, so I became,
I
thought, an accomplished speller through those
grades. But in high school, I was fortunate to have
a very strong English department and English
teacher and math teacher. I think any youngster
that goes to college then or today finds those are
the two things that probably strain him the most.
And if you don't have a good basis, it's difficult.
We got a good basis, I think. So you were good in math
and in English. I thought I was better in English,
but I could handle the math. Were you a good
student? Oh, I think so. If I look back on it, I... I
was trying pretty well to do what was expected of me
when I was in grade school and high school. But if
you look back on it, I could have done better. I
guess we all can look back and see that. Were you
involved in a lot of organizations? In high
school, I became involved in a few things, but not
much. And the reason was that I was riding a school
bus from here Actually, this property of ours, our
home, is in the Kemp School District. But because
my mother taught in Kauffman and my father
attended there,
they guided us to Kauffman for high school. And
about the time I started, my two older brothers
stayed with my uncle during the week when they went
to high school. But when I started, the bus service
started. And when it rained, You and I went over
that tree, limb-covered road across Walnut
Creek. When it rained, I had to walk from here on
another mile from where you and I turned around. So
you had a good walk. So I had no time for after
school. I tried football, for example, and there
was no way in the world for me to get back and forth
with football. Now, my older brother, Walter, was
a very fine football player, but he lived with his
uncle, and he could do that. I had really very few
activities
as extracurricular activities. I was president
of my junior class, and I was a salutatorian of my
senior class in high school. When I got to A&M, of
course, I did get involved in quite a number of
activities. Would you consider yourself as
president of your junior class in high school? A
leader? I think so. I don't think we were as
conscious of it then. I
think popularity had a lot to do with it, but I think
respect had more. And if I'm correct in that, I
guess there's some leadership reflection there.
Were you popular? Well, I was well-liked, I think.
But you were respected then? I think so. And it was a
combination of those two that resulted in... Yes,
of course, when you say you respected, there are a
number of things behind that. Oh, sure. You say,
sure, like personality and achievement,
conduct. Because I'm always wondering when
leaders began... feeling like they're leaders or
begin taking the responsibility of leadership
roles. And I find that while I'm talking to
different generals, some of them didn't start
until their 20s, and some of them always remember
taking that responsibility even when they were
teenagers. I was wondering when you first started
taking the responsibilities of a leader. Well, I
guess that was it. I think you're entirely right in
this search for leadership characteristics.
Certainly one that the Army and the other armed
forces have given a great deal of study and
attention to, trying to understand this and
trying to determine how you can place your bets on
these young people that come into the Army. Sure. I
think you're right. We can take ten people and
their leadership ability has probably surfaced
at different stages depending upon or being
determined by the experiences and the tests that
they were put to. I recall
after World War II I came to A&M for duty on the
military staff there, and I remember when we were
at summer camp with our cadets, the Department of
the Army sent a team down to
try to determine criteria for leadership and see
if they could measure it in those cadets and of
course all of the officers such as such as I were
interviewed our ideas sought and so forth well I
had World War II under my belt not a lot of years in
the service but a lot quite a lot of experience but I
said then and I believe today that leadership
really in terms of military leadership is
acquired by a series of successful experiences,
the little ones building to bigger ones, and then
you really know whether you've got it or not. Let me
interrupt just for one minute. Do you like chicken
curry? I love it. Do you? I do. You know, I think
maybe I'll just whip up some curry and have some
salad and then just stay home. Okay. Because Ken's
going to be late. Fine. Are you sure you like it? I
love curry. Good.
Of course, that
leadership ability is built on experience. Of
course, you've got to have certain inherent
capabilities to keep moving up that line of
success in experience. You started taking on the
role later when you were a teenager. I would say
that that was on the bottom of the rungs of this
experience ladder, yes.
Did you have a definite set of aims when you
graduated from high school? I really did not in
terms of specifics. I had these aims.
One aim was to get a good college education.
And I felt that would lead me to a further
definition of my aims. And I think it did.
Unfortunately
or unfortunately, World War II interrupted the
chain of events. And as you know, my class of 41,
A&M, were all called to active duty on graduation.
But that was my primary goal, was to get a good
college education. But after that, it was pretty
vague. Well, in terms of generalities, I wanted to
be a success at whatever I engaged in. But you
didn't know what field. I majored in marketing and
finance at A&M, and I wanted to get into banking. I
had been accepted for employment in the Federal
Land Bank in Houston upon graduation with the— the
prospect, I'd be too strong to say a promise, that I
would be trained in all departments before I was
finally placed. In other words, I would be what
they call these days, and we didn't hear the term
then, was a junior executive trainee.
Well, that suited me just fine. But of course, I
never went to that job because I was ordered to
active duty. How about the Depression? In what way
did the Depression, which you grew up with during
the Depression, in what way did that have an impact
on your life? Well, of course, I remember that
vividly. I was about 10 years old when that
started.
And I guess the main
impression that it made on me, I didn't suffer,
really, as a youngster. because we were
fortunate. We never were hungry or lacked the
essentials, you know, food, shelter, and
clothing. The luxuries, which we never really
partook of anyway, before or after, to any great
extent, were not missed. I guess the main
impression I got was what a tough thing this was on
the people who were responsible for families My
parents and my friends' parents, our friends and
neighbors, and family, you know, uncles and so
forth. Sure, absolutely. And, of course, it had to
create wonderment as to how can this happen? You
know, just a kid, you have no capability to analyze
it, but you sure can ask the question. And I guess
that...
One of my impressions was that I never want this to
happen to me. In my family. You know, as an adult.
And what kind of action did you take to free
yourself? Well, that's just more inspiration to
succeed. To take life seriously.
To meet...
Of course, as youngsters, your goals are set out
for you by your parents if they're doing their job,
and mine were. But when you take off for
university, then you're on your own. You've got to
make your own objectives and thereafter. Of
course, this is during the New Deal, Franklin
Roosevelt, so I was wondering what political
persuasion your father was and what one you came to
accept. My father was a very loyal Democrat. Of
course, in those days, Republicans were still
carpetbaggers.
When I left the Army, and until I left the Army, I was
never active in politics at all.
In fact, I don't think I really, I always felt
professional military people were outside the
realm of politics. Now, the franchise, the vote's
important, but I never really felt that I needed
that, except wartime I liked to vote who was going
to lead us. Who did you vote for then during the war?
Well, I always voted for Roosevelt. I think he was a
great war leader. And of course, at that time we had
our great Sam Rayburn, Speaker of the House, and he
and my father were friends, by the way. Sam Rayburn
knew all the community leaders in his district.
Anyway, I was not conscious of politics, ever
really, until as I was winding up my military
career. My last assignment was as chief of
legislative liaison for the Army, which meant I
was the senior liaison officer with the Congress.
This, for the first time, gave me very close
association and view of the federal government,
and specifically the Congress.
I'm still shocked to hear people in my present
environment sound off about how lousy those
members of Congress are, and they're all crooks.
But I came away from that experience with a much
enhanced regard for the total system of our
government that our Constitution writers set up
and a much more aware appreciation of the Congress
as a as an institution and of the individuals in the
Congress. They're among the most among the
hardest working people I've ever known and for the
most part extremely conscientious people.
I have taken the the liberty to rebut some of these
comments about our government and our
congressmen. But, of course, in this country, we
all have the right to say these things. We're very
prone to do it because we hired them, you know. Oh,
yeah, right. But I say if you threw a fishnet around
100 guys in Kauffman and then took a look at each one
of them individually, there'd be some of them
you'd want to throw back. There's going to be two or
three of them. that you'd rather not net. And I
think it's about the same measure in Congress. We
just hear so much about those who do stray and err
and show up to be crooks or immoral. There are not
many of them. No. Were you ever a member of a
political party then? Well, when I did leave the
Army and had that experience with the Congress, I
felt very strongly that Every citizen should get
involved because politics is defined as the art of
governing, and we're supposed to govern
ourselves. If we can't contribute to it, we have no
right to make that criticism or complain about
conditions as they are. But I became a Democrat
because, well, you might say my heritage was that,
and I'd always felt associated with it, although I
was never active before. sometimes I wonder and I
guess we all do
whether I should say I'm a Democrat or join the
Republican Party because on some issues I'm very
much on that side other issues I think my party that
I've chosen to support is correct I basically feel
that It's not right to call yourself an
independent because we do have a two-party system
and I think it's very important to us. And as a
matter of fact, I regret now that the Republicans
didn't gain control of the House of
Representatives so that they would control the
White House and the Senate and the House. Just as I
felt that while Mr. Carter was not my choice, and
among the nominees to be president or candidate
for the Democratic Party. Once he was nominated,
as far as I was concerned, he looked acceptable,
and I supported him, and I knew it was impossible to
have a Republican Congress, so no one really, it
just makes sense, let's get one party
responsible. And if they don't hack it, then the
other party has the absolute right to be elected.
to have their hand in it. Well, the Republicans
almost did, and I wish they had, because then
they'd have full responsibility for the
leadership of the government. So in 1976, then,
you supported Jimmy Carter, and then in 1980, you
supported Ronald Reagan? That's right. I think
Mr. Carter failed. The reason I feel that one party
feels so strongly one party should control the
federal government We had two terms of, well, Mr.
President Eisenhower had a Democratic Congress.
President Nixon had a Democratic Congress. I saw
President Nixon's administration at first hand.
And I think that division is very bad for us, that
division of responsibility, with one party
responsible for making the laws and another party
responsible for carrying them out. And look at
what's going on in the House of Representatives
today. foot dragging in me, or simply to express an
individuality of view. And I think Democrats are
good people, but I think it's time that the
Republicans run this thing and be responsible for
it. Sure. For the good and the bad. Yes, sir. I'm
somewhat confused then. Would you say that you're
a conservative or a moderate or a liberal? How
would you define your personal... Well, I don't
think that's very hard to do because
if you just look at the last ten years since I've
been, shall we say, exercising my franchise to
vote and participate in politics...
the color of conservatives has changed a great
deal.
And on the other hand, liberals, we don't see near
as much evidence of the liberals today as we did two
Congresses ago, when we swept in a whole huge
numbers of young liberals. I don't think that's a
fair way to do it. I think that the conditions in the
country change, and I think the things that are
important to me are very important to me is of
course first of all national security you would
expect that given my career and so I spend a great
deal of time excuse this throat I don't know why I'm
getting all tangled up here well let me finish this
I am a great conservative when it comes to national
security because I think that we're gambling with
the security of this nation to adopt a strategy as
did
President Kennedy and Johnson with Robert
McNamara, Secretary of Defense, that being equal
is good enough. I know it's awfully hard to
determine when you're equal or you're superior or
you're But we cannot gamble with the...
Somebody's got to make that judgment, and we
cannot gamble with the security of this nation. So
I'm very conservative on that issue. I think our
international relations are, of course, allied
to this very, very closely. And so international
affairs are of great interest to me. And I don't
know what's a conservative in international
affairs or what's a liberal. But if being
conservative is to resist the very thought of any
further communist encroachment into the Western
hemisphere, then I'm a conservative. The people
who say let the Central Americans determine their
own fate down there, I've served in Latin America,
and I know how these are determined. And I think
we're stupid if we let that happen. We've got to
influence it, and we've got to influence it in our
favor for our future as a nation and for the future
of our people. Somewhere in here, economics
stands
right up alongside these things. In fact, they're
the base from which the strength flows for
national security and an effective foreign
policy. So are you conservative or liberal on
economics? So on economics, I'm liberal in the
sense of opening trade. I don't believe in
tariffs, barriers.
I really don't believe in subsidies for
international trade, but that's very common
throughout the world. What about subsidies for
farm products? I
don't believe in subsidies as such for farm
products. I would rather, and I believe most
people in agriculture, and I'm just dabbling in
it, would much rather see a free up of the markets
plus the knowledge that they can get a federal
federally guaranteed loan if they just looked too
bad on the books for the bankers to say, I can't do it
because bank regulations won't let me. I think
most farmers would be happy with that. So I guess
I'm
a moderate, I guess, because somewhere in the
middle is the average of my views. I only forgot one
thing. That's social legislation or social
programs. Do you consider yourself a moderate? I
would say I'm a moderate on social legislation.
legislation or social programs. I think we've
gone far overboard. But I think that, for example,
I think Social Security is a fine thing. It's a
must.
But I believe also that Mr. Reagan is correct, that
he's gotten all out of focus. It's become many
things other than the intended floor for the
person who has to quit work or retire. It's become
an education vehicle for the kids. It's become a
disability compensation program. It's become a
very, very expensive thing. Now, on other social
programs, I believe that there should be some kind
of a medical insurance program. that protects
every family or every individual from that
disastrous illness. But to be able to go to your
doctor because you don't feel well and have the
government pay for it, I don't believe in that. I do
believe because we certainly practice this in the
military, but preventive health measures are
much less expensive than that. Corrective, just
like preventive maintenance is better than
mechanics repairs on your automobile. But
somewhere we've gone too far in this. Medicaid,
Medicare, and so forth. I think it's too
expensive. Well, we're ready to start A&M, but
first we're going to get some water for you. Now,
let's continue. And I wanted to know if... Why did
you decide to go to A&M? Here you have an older
brother, one going to TCU, and one going to A&M. Why
A&M? Probably because my older brother went there
and was going there, and I had some good friends.
One of my closest friends went to A&M. He was ahead
of me a year in high school.
And to tell you the truth, I didn't study the field
of universities available to me like youngsters
do now. Yeah. A&M attracted my attention, and it
seemed just the place I ought to go. There were no
other alternatives then, really? I never really
considered them. And as a matter of fact, I had to
wait a year after graduating high school before
I'd go to A&M. And then I wasn't sure I was going to be
able to enroll that fall. All of a sudden, Dad says,
well, that's what's important. You better get on
down to A&M. This is like a week before school
started. So this friend took me down, and there I
was. That year I was out of school, I should
mention, was a very valuable year to me. Because in
those days, see, we were graduating high school at
the age of 17. We only had 11. grades in school. And I
couldn't go to school for financial reasons. And
so I stayed out. And that was the first year that
Coffman High School offered what they call
postgraduate courses, which I guess they now call
continuing education. And so I enrolled to keep
active. And I took bookkeeping,
vocational agriculture, Typing, I guess that was
it. And at the same time, you were living out here
helping your father on the ranch? Living out here
helping my dad. As a matter of fact, that cotton gin
down there you saw, old building, that cotton gin
was operating. And dad hurt himself in that cotton
gin. He had an injury to his knee, and he was just
laid up. And I had to drop out of post-graduate
school. And I actually ran that cotton gin as
manager and chief honcho for the rest of the
season, about two and a half months. And that was a
very good experience. I was responsible for
keeping the books, collecting, paying the
customer for his seed, and seeing that everybody
was there for work, and we had what we needed and
everything. Very fine experience. And that's why
I mentioned to you earlier that I probably got more
education that year than any other year of my
schooling. That was a lot of responsibility for a
17-year-old. Very good experience. And how many
people did you have working for you then? The
minimum crew down there was four more, four
additional people, five additional people. You
had a man on the section, you had a fireman, you had a
gym stand operator, and you had two people up in the
press room. So you were at 17. You were in charge of
five of them. Of course, I grew up with that cotton
gin. I worked in there every year until we went to
school. In those days, too, we started school late
so people couldn't have time to use the kids and get
their crops in. But anyway, I went on to A&M. And if
you'd like to hear a little bit of my entry there, I
like to recall this aspect. Would you like to cut
this off? I have a feeling that's the phone is for
me. I roomed at A&M with one guy all four years. Who
was that? Gabe D. Anderson, Jr.
And real interesting, with that short notice of
going to A&M, I was too late to get in the dormitory.
And as I was standing in line registering after I
got down there, I had signed up to go into a project
house they called, you're probably familiar with
what that was, because a coffin boy got me in there
as a place to stay. But standing in line, I was right
next in line with Gabe D. Anderson, Jr. of Farwell,
Texas. And it seemed like we were in line most of the
day, but of course that's an exaggeration. But
anyway, I got to know that guy right there. He
impressed me so. I guess both of us were a little
lonesome and looking for a friend. But he told me,
he said, I'm in C Battery Field Artillery, and
said, I bet you can get in there. So anyway, I looked
into it, and a very prominent Kauffman fellow was
in C Battery. He was a junior. He was a junior yell
leader. And so I went over to Anderson's room one
day and saw Charlie Trail. And Charlie got me in. It
took a couple of weeks for a vacant city to show up,
and I got in there. But anyway, I felt I was so
fortunate to